Introductie

	- Context
	- Probleem: typesystemen zijn moeilijk, graduele typesystemen zijn nog moeilijker
		-> We automatiseren dit zoveel mogelijk
	- Requirements: wat willen we bereiken?
		-> Hulp bij opstellen syntax, evaluator, typesysteem

	Uitschrijven! PLT Redex, Maud, XText, ...
	- Related work + background: we need more! Tabelletje: deze tool kan dit, enkel de mijne kan alles!
		Ofwel meteen eraan beginnen, related work achteraan (moeilijker, sterkere introductie nodig)

	On hold
	- Basic concepts: 
		- Gradualization? ~ 1 pagina
		
	- ALGT by example: a short introduction
	
	- Ho0: Lattices, etc
	(paperstructuur volgen, nadruk op de tool)
	- Ho1: Typesysteem + gradualizatie
	- Ho2: evaluator + graduele evaluator
	- Ho3: automatische evaluatie/quickcheck: vinden van fouten



-------------------------------------------------------------



1. Don’t wait to write! 
	a. Idea
	b. write paper
	c. do research 
		writing papers is a primary mechanism for DOING research (not just for repoting it

2. identify your key idea
	a. goal is to convey an idea to reader
	b. can you hear the “ping" 
		i. many papers contain good idea, but do not distil what they are 
		ii. make certain tha the reader is in no doubt what the idea is. Be 100% explicit 
			1. ‘the main idea of this paper is…’ 2. ‘in this section we present the main contributions of the paper.’µ

3. Tell a story
	a. Your narrative flow imagine you are explain at a white board 
		i. Here is a problem 
		ii. It’s an interesting problem
		iii. It’s an unsolved problem 
		iv. Here is my idea 
		v. My idea works (details, data) 
		vi. Here’s how my idea compares to other people’s approach
		vii. Structure (conference paper) 
			1. Title (1000 readers)
			2. Abstract (4 sentences 100 readers)
			3. Introduction (1 pages 100 readers) 
				a. Describe the problem i. Don’t write: ‘we describe the wizwoz system. It is really cool.’
				 Do write: ‘we give a syntax and semantics of a language that supports concurrent processes (section 3). Its innovative features are…’ 
		ii. Don’t write: ‘we study its properties’. 
			Do write: ‘we prove that the type system I sound, and that type checking is deciable (section 4).
		iii. Don’t write: we have used wiz woz in practice’.
			Do write: ‘we have build a GUI toolkit in wizwoz, and used it to implement a text editor (section 5). The result is half the length of the java version.’. 
	b. State your contributions……..that is all 
		i. Write the list of contributions first
		ii. The list of contributions drives the entire paper: the paper substantiates the claims you have made
		iii. Reader thinks ‘gosh, if thy really deliver this, that’s excicing, I’d better read on’
		iv. For every contributions there is one bullet point *
		v. Evidence: 
			1. Your introduction makes claims
			2. The body of the paper provides evidence to support each claim
			3. Check each claim in the introlduction, identify the evidence, and forward-reference it from the claim
			4. Evidence can be: analysis and comparison, theorems, measurements, case studies. 
	c. Introduce problem with an example
		i. Bad example: ‘computer programs often have bugs. It is very important to eliminate these bugs {1,2}. Many researchers have tried {3,4,5,6.}. It really is very imporant’ 
		ii. Good example: ‘consider this program, which has an interesting bug <brief description>. We will show an automatic techniquie for identifying and removing such bugs.’ 

4. The problems (1 page 10 readers) 
5. My idea (2 pages 10 readers) 
6. The details (5 pages 3 readers) 
7. Related work (1-2 pages) 
8. Conclusions and further work (.5 pages)﻿
